Problem: Payroll Processing System PPC is a Payroll solution provider company who manages the payroll of the various companies from small scale to large scale company. (Refer Assignment Folder to get the in depth detail of the assignment)

How to Start Application:
  1. Configure application properties file. (Currently as per my localhost thing are defined)
  2. MySQl Database is used and SQl scripts are present in the DB Script folder. So configure these table in the database.
  3. Dry Run one time with existing database tables if everything is working fine...after that you can turncate employee and emp_event table.

Database - it is having 4 tables - Orgnisation, Event, Employee and EmployeeEvent. Each table having their autogenerated ID and these tables are interlinked.

How to test Rules: 

1. First we need to add orgnisation if it is not present in the orgnisation table -POST - localhost:8080/org/orgnisationName
2. When we add orgnisation it will return one orgnisation id that we are going to use for further investigation so keep it handy.
3. Upload the data from csv/text file - POST - localhost:8080/file/upload

   3.1 use form-data and key should be "file"

   3.2 file name must be orgnisation name
   
5. after uploading the data we can query the with GET request - refer PostMan folder to get all GET requests data
6. Refer Input data folder testing data is present in this folder.
7. Refer Assignment folder it is having testing screenshots and problem statement present


Connect with me incase of any Query.

Thanks
